 Today is the best day ever and tomorrow's going to be even better I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle I love sleep; it's my favorite. If I got any cooler I would freeze to death Pulling up in the may bike You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing. We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew. Let's be like water I'd like to meet with Tim Cook. I got some ideas I feel calm but energized The world is our office Distraction is the enemy of vision I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it. Perhaps I should have been more like water today I make awesome decisions in bike stores!!! For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success Just stop lying about shit. Just stop lying. The world is our family Everything you do in life stems from either fear or love Decentralize I'd like to meet with Tim Cook. I got some ideas Sometimes you have to get rid of everything I'm the best I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle Keep squares out yo circle I give up drinking every week People only get jealous when they care. Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? Cause think of all the people that you will please if you try. All you have to be is yourself One day I'm gon' marry a porn star I love sleep; it's my favorite. People only get jealous when they care. I'm the best Shut the fuck up I will fucking laser you with alien fucking eyes and explode your fucking head I care. I care about everything. Sometimes not giving a f#%k is caring the most. 2024 George Bush doesn't care about black people One day I'm gon' marry a porn star Sometimes you have to get rid of everything Keep squares out yo circle I care. I care about everything. Sometimes not giving a f#%k is caring the most. Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on My dad got me a drone for Christmas The thought police want to suppress freedom of thought Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on The world is our office My greatest award is what I'm about to do. My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live. Decentralize